release: v1.37.0 (#4421)
apollographql/router: .changesets/exp_geal_router_bridge_options_limit.md

> ### Expose query plan and paths limits ([PR #4367](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/4367))
> 
> This introduces two new options, `experimental_plans_limit` and `experimental_paths_limit`, to reduce the impact of complex queries on the planner. `experimental_plans_limit` limits the number of generated plans. Already generated plans will be valid, but may not be optimal. `experimental_paths_limit` stops entirely the planning process if the number of possible paths for a selection in the schema gets too large

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Expose query plan and paths limits ([PR #4367](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/4367))

Two new configuration options have been added to reduce the impact of complex queries on the planner:

- `experimental_plans_limit` limits the number of generated plans. (Note: already generated plans remain valid, but they may not be optimal.) 

- `experimental_paths_limit` stops the planning process entirely if the number of possible paths for a selection in the schema gets too large.
```
